Change .nvmrc and documentation for Node.js version (LTS to 14.18.1) (#36744)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/contributors/code/getting-started-with-code-contribution.md

## Prerequisites

-   Node.js

>     Gutenberg is a JavaScript project and requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/). The project is built using the version (14x) release of node, and the version (6x) of NPM. See the [LTS release schedule](https://github.com/nodejs/Release#release-schedule) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Gutenberg is a JavaScript project and requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/). The project is built using Node.js v14, and npm v6. See the [LTS release schedule](https://github.com/nodejs/Release#release-schedule) for details.
```

>     Gutenberg is a JavaScript project and requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/). The project is built using the version (14.18.1) release of node, and the latest version of NPM. See the [LTS release schedule](https://github.com/nodejs/Release#release-schedule) for details.

Reviewer: At the moment we also use npm v6 rather than the latest one.
